>> Kent C Dodds: Yeah, so
you're gonna run the exercise script again
to get to our next exercise.
So this, if you did a really
complicated plugin that you
were really proud of or something,
then you're gonna want to copy this.
Because when you run the exercise script,
it's gonna totally delete
all the work that you had.
This way, we're all on the same page for
every exercise, so nobody falls behind,
and that kinda thing.
But if you're really proud of
your work here, then copy it.
You can save it somewhere else and
show it to your family or something.
[LAUGH] Okay, so we're gonna do
npm start exercise.eslint.1.
>> Kent C Dodds: And
now your exercise should look like mine,
and your test should be failing.
So we have more tests,
more use cases we didn't consider before.
>> Kent C Dodds: Fun fact on this npm
start, you can actually use prefixes.
So if you don't wanna type out exercise,
you can do ex and then es.
And that still works, so that's kinda fun.
>> Kent C Dodds: Okay, cool, so
let's see these new use cases
that we need to support.
>> Kent C Dodds: Whoops, yeah.
So now we need to make sure that if I
use foo.console, that should still work.
Maybe I have a method called console, or
even a property on an object or something.
If I just call a console function,
that should still work.
What if I have a function that accepts a
console function, or something like that?
Or this is the one that'll be
a little bit more tricky is,
if I'm calling a function on
console that is not one of
some disallowed functions,
then that should be fine.
Which it's a little bit contrived
because I wouldn't want people calling
console.baz.
That doesn't make sense.
But my goal here is to
show you how to scope down what
you're looking for further.
As far as anything else that you need to
know, I'll just give you a little tip.
>> Kent C Dodds: What I do in
my solution is, at the very top,
I create this variable
called disallowedMethods.
And I put all the console methods in here,
so log,
and warn, and
all the ones I wanna prevent against.
And then I use that with array includes,
to determine whether or
not the thing that is being called is
included in that, those design methods.
So fun little tip.